# 18.

_break-up talk._

Source: https://kadeny.substack.com/p/18

---

my girlfriend broke up with me last week, it has been hell.

i’m 18 and it is my first breakup. Ever since, i have been in two states.

First is: everything was so perfect, there was nobody to blame, i really miss the “us”. what went wrong? why can’t we get back together?

Then goes: we aren’t going to work out anyway, we’ve wanted different things from the start. This breakup will happen eventually. it will all be better in few months and there will be a new beginning, where i meet someone that’s truly for me.

The second mindset relaxes me, first one hurts. But I can’t help but fall back to the first mindset.


### Withdrawal syndrome.

Going through a breakup is like experiencing withdrawal syndrome. I feel addicted to her presence, to our good memories, and there is no one I’d rather be with.

When i go home after a long busy day of studying, my nervous system reminds me of the warmth and comfort that she could’ve provided at that moment. The first few days were the roughest, no appetite, no motivation to work. It felt as if a villain is playing tricks with my mind. That trick, I later learnt, is withdrawal syndrome.

Except the drugs are taken away, there is no returning to the drugs for escape. Being stuck in between is the worst feeling. Still, slowly I realized, that just because I feel sick without her doesn’t mean we are meant to be together.

I’m glad I came to that realization. It helps to just notice that our minds are playing tricks with us. There is nothing spiritual, no voodoo magic — just two tangled minds that aren’t used to being separated.

In that case, I told myself, that time will heal. Taking a no-contact pact for 30 days is my way to unwind the syndrome. Although seeing her sometimes revives bittersweet memories, the best i can do is stay apart as best as i can.


### Closure.

And I wish for closure, I want a definite explanation to everything that led to her breakup decision, hoping for an “official end” to our relationship. I kept thinking that only if she said the right thing, it would bring me closure. But reality is, what she will say isn’t going to make me feel any better.

Because there is no shocking truth or “real reason” to our breakup. Most breakups are boring. People drift apart, they start in common and begin to want different things. It happens all the time, but a simple reason like this makes me feel uneasy. it’s too stupid to be true,  it feels out of my control, it makes me hopeless.

I stopped searching for closure, because there isn’t one. Closure is a rabbithole of endlessly seeking an answer that doesn’t exist.

Coming up with my own version of closure got me unstuck. Give myself a reason of why we had to break up, whatever makes sense. Be set on the reason, accept the breakup, and trick my mind to let it go.

My reason is: we don’t want the same things ultimately. I wish for huge spiritual connection and to climb bigger mountains in life, together. We were never fully aligned on that. We are going to break up sooner or later.

That’s enough for closure.


### Battle.

Moving on is a battle. But the good news is, i’m not battling against reality, begging to get back together, instead i’m battling against my own mind to learn to be “me” again.

The feelings are still there, but the uneasy feeling comes from a version of me that is used to being with her, not wishing for a future that “could’ve been”.

I look forward to the person I’d become in 30 days, or a few months from now, when everything is better.

Subscribed
